Add section on platform engineering (#2065)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/platform-engineering/managing-space-resources.md

* Write the module by hand
* Serialize an existing space to a Terraform module with [octoterra](https://github.com/OctopusSolutionsEngineering/OctopusTerraformExport)

## Writing by hand

You can write a Terraform module that manages Octopus space level resources by hand if you wish to do so. The Terraform provider source code contains a [suite of tests](https://github.com/OctopusDeployLabs/terraform-provider-octopusdeploy/tree/main/terraform) that can be used as examples for creating your own Terraform module.

## Serializing with octoterra

The second approach is to create a management, or upstream, space using the Octopus UI and then export the space to a Terraform module with [octoterra](https://github.com/OctopusSolutionsEngineering/OctopusTerraformExport). This allows you to rely on the UI for convenience and validation and then serialize the space to a Terraform module.

:::div{.hint}
You are free to edit the Terraform module created by octoterra as you see fit once it is exported.
:::

Octopus includes a number of steps to help you serialize a space with octoterra and apply the module to a new space.

:::div{.hint}

> The steps documented below are best run on the `Hosted Ubuntu` worker pools for hosted Octopus users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps documented below are best run on the `Hosted Ubuntu` worker pools for Octopus Cloud customers.
```
